# hello-world
This is my first go at GitHub
My name is Tyson and I made it a goal for myself this year (2017) to learn how to code and create websites. I currently work in the film and television indusrty and my background is a video producer but I am looking for a new challenge and lifestyle that will give me a better work/life balance. My wife and I have always wanted me to find a new career path because film always has me away from home for long periods of time (16-18 hour days for 9-11 months) and now we have our 2 year old daughter and it kills me that I don't get to see her everyday. I want to learn how to code for myself and my family. I want to be ablet to teach my daughter how to code because I keep reading on the benefits it is for kids and will aling her up for a great career path (if she chooses it) for when she is ready to start a career. I also want to start doing something I enjoy again. The money in film is great but at the cost of missing my daughter growing up and even simply things like playing sports with friends on a weekday or having family dinner on a Tuesday, I will give up the money just to have a glimpse of that back. I started this year by doing some courses on treehouse and lynda, listening to podcast like codenewbie, and I am going to start soon on creating websites for freinds and family using wordpress. If anyone took the time to read this far I want to thank you and please feel free if you have any advice for a guy who is just dipping his toe into the vast ocean that is coding. 
Cheers, Tyson 
